bwin series passionate friends friends
from the bwin series
good evening from maximum tailors images that
they come from the Romeo Menti stadium for him
playoff salvation between vicenza and
of traces valid for the thirty-seventh
day
last midweek shift of the
game season practically without
return for mister berici
alessandro dal canto terzultimi
standings stand out by 8 lengths from the
fourth last place occupied just by
Marche
the referee of handsome from the street to vicenza
ascoli vicenza that in turin attack
always with giacomelli the dribbling on
left attention giacomelli in
advantage of the vicenza with giacomelli
not even a minute of play has passed
explodes the minds vicenza 1 ascoli 0
surprised maurantonio on the first post
from the joke
notice directly to the door of
Bremec opens his left served
the Hungarian who centered on the right
game better on the left crosses with
cerami taro the cross in the middle bunga
header in counter-time giacomelli
of former for malonga tension but not
enough for the three sea of ​​rigor against
fresh ronga peralta plays better the
triangle with Hungarian in for
Malonga
beautiful the maneuver of the vicenza is true
internal must exceed
who pays attention to this ball for
giacomelli that a great control a
overcome still little attention
You are waiting for me and e
antonio texas the veil for zaza the shot is
the parade by ditches is important
bremec insists on the short-term ascents
we leave at the minds of vicenza
the ascoli is at 40 points still vicenza in
forward the shooting of e giacometti
attention and pasqualini left
inside loviso almost an attention
mess you know but bremec gran
confusion from the parts of the door
Vicenza this
attempt from the distance of loviso la
crossbar after the decisive touch of short
which was still ascoli with the cross of e
make the header to the side of the cycle
you still hear it and it is decisive again
short on face sim not even cinelli la
ball passes attention is right there
cinelli putting the miracle in the middle
by don antonio su bochum
the providential advance the part of
gentle then a shot cross ball inside
attention is another miracle you play
still ciaramitaro stopped then cerami
taro but no more time
a liberation for the Romeo minds is the
triple whistle of beautiful toast
the vicenza beats the pitches 1 to 0